as the fall months quickly approached
we're soon going to have to swap out our
summer favorites and transition our skin
for different weather beauty editor
Jessica cruel is here to share some easy
steps on how we can get through this
process easily hi Jessica hi Ali so as
the fall approaches the weather is
getting colder which means the air is
getting drier and also our skin is
getting drier as well so it's kind of
time to change up your routine for
something completely more moisturizing
and I don't you have some tips on how to
do that of course yeah so first step you
can probably get away with using your
same cleanser all year round but you can
kick up the moisture a notch by
switching your phone to a cream wish or
cream cleanser yea or no switching your
gel cleanser to something like a bomb or
an oil this is a cleansing balm and
actually kind of solid form from the
start and then it turns into this oil so
you'll see it just kind of melts right
into your skin which brings that added
moisture that you want in the fall
months when it's cool outside yeah fall
it's all about moisturizing exactly it
has been stuffing so also toner a lot of
women especially with oily skin like to
use a toner in the summertime but you
can really skip that step once fall
rolls around because that's only
stripping your skin of oils that you
want to keep firm lock in that moisture
definitely it's keeping moisture
moisture moisture now there are other
things we can do to sort of alter the
atmosphere around our skin true so in
the fall we're going to kick turn off
for air conditioning and kick up the
heater and that heater actually steals
moisture from the air which can also
make your skin dryer so once again
moisture I'm gonna keep that over and
over i sensing a trend yeah so you know
switch your lighter lotions to a heavier
cream maybe a night cream you want to
add to your routine and also remember to
exfoliate because when you exfoliate and
get rid of those dead skin cells it
actually helps the moisturizers
penetrate even better because you can
really get down to the skin and a tech
where you need it exactly and this is
great for skin but what about other
areas of your body besides your face
that is true because it's not all about
your face even though your body will
probably be colored by covered by longer
sleeves and jeans you still need to take
care of the moisture in those areas
especially around your elbows
so I like to convert to a butter before
I mighty views an oil in the summer but
now i'm using a thick butter that it
does it is pacific stuff and that'll
really help keep your skin from getting
a she and dry all over your body yeah
it's really important and as far as
hands i know in my gloves I'm always
getting little peeling skin around my
nails my hands get really dry so i keep
hand cream at the desk nearby all the
time and then also some cuticle oil in
the morning it's really easy to put a
little bit around your nails so your
skin doesn't dry up and get really
crackling yeah it's great to keep some
moisturizer in your purse so when you're
on the go you have something right there
so you can help yourself true and
another thing I like to keep with me is
coconut oil it's actually a little bit
solid at room temperature but then it
melts down into a simple oil and this
will kiss your chaplets goodbye thanks
so much for these tips I feel ready for
fall up great that's what I'm here for
thank you